I think it is important for people to know some things before they go out and buy a Galileo. Spending ($65-100 depending on where you buy) for a board that will not work for your project will be frustrating.
 
The good things
The Galileo board runs Linux
Interactions between Linux and Arduino are fairly easy.
With a few modifications you can turn your Galileo into a WiFi hot spot and people can use their phones to control the Arduino I/O pins.
Note: it is a reduced version of Linux, so it does not support everything that other distributions might be able to do
The Galileo board emulates Arduino functionality.
The Galileo board runs a Linux program that can emulate Arduino sketches.
The Sketches are even developed in the familiar Arduino IDE, and downloaded to the Galileo similar to other Arduino products.
The board does not have an Arduino micro-controller, this is an important distinction vs other products. 
The Galileo board has a pinout that is compatible with Arduino shields.
Note: this means the pins are there, but does not guarantee compatibility even for official Arduino shields.
It has a built in Ethernet port.
Just plug in an Ethernet cable and you can start communicating with the internet.
It has a built in SD Card slot.
Just format the card as FAT or FAT32 and you can start using the SD card.
Limited to 32GB in size, supports SDHC.
Currently has a bug with file creation, but there is a work around, and that should be fixed in the next release.
It is simple and fairly cheap to add on WiFi (~$30 for card, antennas, and mounting hardware)
	Most mPCIe WiFi cards should work, as long as there is a Linux driver.
	Some WiFi cards also include Bluetooth, however, I am not sure that it will work within Arduino sketches.
	The Galileo board includes a USB Host connector.
	There seem to be issues with the Arduino USB library though.
	It is fairly simple to host a web site on the Galileo board.
	The Galileo Linux has Python installed.
	 
	The Bad things:
	It is early days for the Galileo board. There are bugs, there are missing features, there are limitations.
	PusleIn(), Servo() not implemented yet (should be added)
	Timer1, mills(), micro(), have bugs that cause them to not work as they do on Arduino (should be fixed )
	There are likely other missing features or bugs that have not been found yet.
	The I/O speed for the Galileo board is about 100-1000x slower than Arduino pins
	This can cause problems with talking to sensors and other objects.
	This makes it practically impossible to use the Galileo for something like a Quadcopter.
	Also some sensors will not work at all (like the DHT11)
	The Power consumption is much higher than Arduino boards.
	The exact power numbers will vary, but it is best if your project includes plugging the Galileo into a wall socket.
	The capability exists to reduce the power, but I am not sure how quickly this issue will be addressed.
	Any Arduino libraries that use AVR will not work.
	AVR is specific to Arduino architecture, and no replacement has been developed yet.
